[FLINK-20352][dos] Add PyFlink job submission section under the Advanced CLI section. (#1)
XComp/flink: docs/deployment/cli.md

The `--target` will overwrite the [execution.target]({% link deployment/config.md %}#execution-target) 
specified in the `config/flink-config.yaml`.

For more details on the commands and the available options, please refer to the Resource Provider-specific
pages of the documentation.

### Submitting PyFlink Jobs

> Currently users are able to submit a PyFlink job via the CLI. It does not require to specify the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, users are able to submit a PyFlink job via the CLI. It does not require to specify the
```

> jar file path or the entry main class, which is different from the Java job submission. The followings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JAR file path or the entry main class, which is different from the Java job submission. The followings
```
Just to be consistent with the other formattings (I realized that there its formatted wrongly twice in the CLI actions as well. I'm gonna fix that).

> are some example of PyFlink job submission:

Reviewer: I would move the last sentence after the Python version check and rename it slightly: `The following commands show different PyFlink job submission use-cases:`

> <span class="label label-info">Note</span> When submitting Python job via `flink run`, Flink will run the command “python”. Please run the following command to confirm that the command “python” in current environment points to a specified Python version 3.5, 3.6, 3.7 or 3.8:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="label label-info">Note</span> When submitting Python job via `flink run`, Flink will run the command "python". Please run the following command to confirm that the `PATH` variable is pointing to a supported Python version: 3.5, 3.6, 3.7 or 3.8
```

Author: The path of the python executable might not be configured in `PATH` variable.

> <span class="label label-info">Note</span> When submitting Python job via `flink run`, Flink will run the command “python”. Please run the following command to confirm that the command “python” in current environment points to a specified Python version 3.5, 3.6, 3.7 or 3.8:

Reviewer: Is it save to say that we support `3.5+`? If yes, I would prefer that notation over listing each Python version as this might change over time.

Author: Yes，3.5+ would make it easier to maintain with the Python version changing over time.

{% highlight bash %}
$ python --version

> # the version printed here must be 3.5, 3.6, 3.7 or 3.8

Reviewer: Here as well: We could switch to `3.5+` if possible

{% endhighlight %}

- Run a Python Table job:
{% highlight bash %}

> $ ./bin/flink run -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/flink run --python examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py
```
We decided to stick to long parameters in the documentation for the sake of readability.

{% endhighlight %}

- Run a Python Table job with pyFiles:
{% highlight bash %}
$ ./bin/flink run -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py \

>       -pyfs file:///user.txt,hdfs:///$namenode_address/username.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/flink run \
      --python examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py \
      --pyFiles file:///user.txt,hdfs:///$namenode_address/username.txt
```
Long parameters, aligned indentation and parameter listing.

{% endhighlight %}

- Run a Python Table job with a JAR file:
{% highlight bash %}

> $ ./bin/flink run -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py -j <jarFile>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/flink run \
      --python examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py \
      --jarfile <jarFile>
```
Long parameters, aligned indentation and parameter listing.

{% endhighlight %}

- Run a Python Table job with pyFiles and pyModule:
{% highlight bash %}

> $ ./bin/flink run -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py -j <jarFile>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/flink run -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py -pyfs file:///user.txt,hdfs:///$namenode_address/username.txt -pym word_count
```
It does not match the description. Is the above statement the correct one?

Reviewer: Additionally, here's a reformatted version:
```
$ ./bin/flink run \
      --python examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py \
      --pyFiles file:///user.txt,hdfs:///$namenode_address/username.txt \
      --pyModule word_count
```

{% endhighlight %}

- Run a Python Table job on a specific JobManager:
{% highlight bash %}

> $ ./bin/flink run -m myJMHost:8081 -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submit a Python Table job on a specific JobManager running a on host `<jobmanagerHost>` (adapt the 
command accordingly):
{% highlight bash %}
$ ./bin/flink run \
      --jobmanager <jobmanagerHost>:8081 \
      --python examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py
```

{% endhighlight %}

> - Run a Python Table job using a [per-job YARN cluster]({% link deployment/resource-providers/yarn.md %}#run-a-single-flink-job-on-hadoop-yarn) with 2 TaskManagers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a Python Table job using a [YARN cluster in Per-Job Mode]({% link deployment/resource-providers/yarn.md %}#run-a-single-flink-job-on-hadoop-yarn) with 2 TaskManagers:
```
Just aligning the text with some naming rules we agreed on during the docs refactoring.

{% highlight bash %}

> $ ./bin/flink run -m yarn-cluster -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/flink run -m yarn-cluster -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py
```
Where are the two TaskManagers specified? 🤔

Author: Sorry, my mistake, running jobs on Yarn in Per-Job Mode will allocate and de-allocate taskmanagers dynamically, so there is no need to specify the number of taskmanagers.

> $ ./bin/flink run -m yarn-cluster -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/flink run --target yarn-per-job -py examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py
```
Isn't `-m` wrong here as it refers to the JobManager?

Reviewer: Additionally, we want the format of the command to be aligned with the other commands, i.e. long parameters, 6 space indentation and one parameter per line:
```
./bin/flink run \
      --target yarn-per-job \
      --python examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py
```
You might adapt the parameters to fit to the description accordingly.

{% endhighlight %}

> - Run a Python Table application on a native Kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a Python Table application on a native Kubernetes cluster having the cluster ID `<ClusterId>`:
```

{% highlight bash %}

> $ ./bin/flink run-application -p 8 -t kubernetes-application \
>   -Dkubernetes.cluster-id=<ClusterId> \
>   -Dtaskmanager.memory.process.size=4096m \
>   -Dkubernetes.taskmanager.cpu=2 \
>   -Dtaskmanager.numberOfTaskSlots=4 \
>   -Dkubernetes.container.image=<PyFlinkImageName> \
>   -pym word_count -pyfs /opt/flink/examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/flink run-application \
      --parallelism 8 \
      --target kubernetes-application \
      -Dkubernetes.cluster-id=<ClusterId> \
      -Dtaskmanager.memory.process.size=4096m \
      -Dkubernetes.taskmanager.cpu=2 \
      -Dtaskmanager.numberOfTaskSlots=4 \
      -Dkubernetes.container.image=<PyFlinkImageName> \
      --pyModule word_count \
      --pyFiles /opt/flink/examples/python/table/batch/word_count.py
```

Reviewer: I would also suggest moving the `--target` parameter up in the listing as it's directly connected to `run-application`.
